All right now let's build the answer for them.
Let's go back or editor and here let's save this file
as _create.blade.php
And here in the card title let's remove the existing heading and here we simply add heading 3
and the text will be "Your answer"
remove all these and here let's add a form.
So form
let's set empty action for a while and the method will be `post`.
Inside this form
let's add `csrf_token` by utilizing `csrf` blade directive.
Then let's add a text area to enter answer's body
and we need to wrap it in bootstrap from group
text area class form-control
the rows let's say 7
and the name will be body.
Let's also add a button
and again let's wrap it in from group
button type submit
the classes will be `btn btn-lg` to make it bigger
and then `btn-outline-primary`
and the text is going to be submit.
Now let's go back to show.blade.php. And here
after including `answers._index` we can include
our new view
by saying include answers dot underscore create.
Now to make our form working we still need
to do a couple of things.
First let's open routes.php
and here let's define new route that will handle answer creation. Here we will not need to define special
route to show the form because we have included
our form inside other view.
So here we can manually define new routes to store our answer like this route post questions
question answers. The route handler could be
Answers Controller at store
and you can also name it
for example answers dot store or whatever.
Or we can utilize nested resource routes like this
questions dot answers
and then the route handler will be answers
controller like so
now if we see our routes in our terminal
Whoops I get error. Actually let's generate our answers controller
resource model answer
Let's see our routes again.
As you can see now we have questions.
question answer etc.
And here the route name will be questions dot answers and followed by resource method.
Now if you go to the latest version of laravel documentation you will not find any description
for these resource routes.
I don't know why is not included in the documentation of
the latest version of laravel but it
still can be applied in the level of 5.6 as we did.
And I hope this feature still remain in the next version.
So just in case you are using the next version of laravel and this resource routes is no longer exist
or you don't like to use nested resource route
for some reasons then you just defend the route manually
as I showed you before. Alright here we only need store edit update and destroy method.
So here we can say `only`
store edit update and destroy
all we can also say `except`
index create and show.
Now if we see our routes again
here we only have store update destroy and edit. Next
let's open our answers controller
end here let's remove unused methods.
So this one
this one
and this one.
OK
let's go to store method
and here because in our routes we included question so here we need to capture the question by specify
or type-hint
the first argument with a question instance
and here before we store our answer lot's perform form validation.
and for now will not define it in form request but instead we'll define it in this controller because
we'll only need to validate the answer's body.
So here we can say request
validate
inside
here we just specify validation rule to validate the answer's body as required.
If the answer's body is valid then we can save it in our database by saying question answers create and pass
in the answer's body.
also will need to save the user_id who create the answer.
So here we can add user_id
and then here we can get the current user's ID by calling
Auth facade and followed by calling id
last we can redirect the previous page
and store the message as flash message.
Now here we can simplify our code by moving this validate method
and pass it as arguments in the create method.
Because since version 5.4 the validate method will return
array contains data that has been
validated
if validation is passed. And here we can remove
this body from the second array.
And actually we can merge both these with plus operator like this.